We are going to start to put together some number of listeners in these two services. The goal of a listener is to process some number of incoming events inside of both these services, we have to create two different listeners.
We need ticket:created and ticket:updated  for orders service to listen and order:created and order:updated for tickets service to listen.  

we define queueGroupName because we make sure that we did not have our different servicess all independently processing the same copy of a event at the same time. So instead, the queue group identifier right here is that it is unique for all the different services that are going to create subscriptions inside this channel, number one.
and number two, it must stay consisten over time.

We need to make sure that we dont make any typos for the queue group name so we need to define it somewhere in a file and import then use it.

We call ack when we have succesfully processed a message or an event and that is a signal to node streaming server that we have processed this event and it doesnt have to worry about trying tp sed it off to another copy of our service again.

So when we create tickets and then we will transmit an event so orders service will get that event and will emit tickets to mongoDB. But whenever we insert a record into MongoDB, it gets assigned a random ID. We will have completely different ids and we wouldnt be able to match those ids. So whenever we are replicating data across services, we want to try to make sure that we are using identical or consistent IDs between them, and that's going to make sure that we can identify these unique record between all these different services.

We can pass the id that comes from data but MongoDB IDs are defines as _id so we have to change the build method inside of our model file.

In the video one script is created to test. This script is going to try to create a ticket with the price of five. Its then going to update a ticket to a price of ten and then finally update a ticket to a price of 15. And its going to repeat that entire process 200times in a row.

There wasnt any ticket with the price of 10 which shouldnt be. But there is one with 10. So we face with serious concurrency issue. When the script is rerunned we can sometimes get 7,8 so we dont want even one mistake. We need to make sure to implement something for events happen in order.

We are going to add versioning to solve concurrency problem.Thank god Mongoose and MongoDB can manage all of the version stuff for us automatically.

In between saving the document and Mongoose sends an update request Mongoose updates the version field of the document automatically. This entire process that we are going through is referred to as optimistic concurrency control. Plus we can use Optimistic Concurrency Control strategy with any other Databases very easily.

In the video mongoose-update-if-current is being used but probably there are new or better packages now.
Because we implement changes with the versionKey we need make a change in the doc too.

Test functions cannot both take a 'done' callback and return something Error -> To resolve this, simply remove the done callback fix that was provided.
We tested out the mongoDB optimistic concurrency control and it works. We basically tried to make two updates and received an error in the second update.

We need to update our common event modules to provide version numbers. But we need to decide when should we increment or include the 'version' number of a record with an event?
- Increment/include the 'version' number whenever the primary service responsible for a record emits an  event to describe a create/update/destroy to a record

When we reach out to the ticket inside of orders service ticket-updated-listener we look for a version -1 .

So when we try the app in postman it seems like it works. versioning stuff fixes the issue  yaaaay!!!

For the versioning we were using Update-If-Current module. We can do the versioning by ourselves because the version may not be increased by one for every environment. First we passed the versions in ticket-updated-listener then we removed the plugin and with the help of pre method and $where we passed the version logic.

To look mongo db kubectl exec -it orders-mongo-depl-854467d756-4vzct mongosh

Now, The order service is publishing order created and order canceled events. We need to make sure that the ticket service is going to have a listener thats going to watch for the order created event and the order canceled event. The reason for this is we need to make sure that we lock down a ticket after an order has been created for it.

By default all tickets will be created with a null value for orderId. So if there is no orderID. that means that the ticket is not reserved and we should allow edits.

We wrap up the natswrapper.client.publish with paranthesis and we pass as jest.Mock this is going to tell Typescript that this is a mock function and lets give it going to then give us access to all the different properties that a mock function has, such as well moch and the calls property.
//"(natsWrapper.client.publish as jets.Mock).mock.calls[0][1];
